Added doc for language configuration (#3128)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/product_catalog/quable/install_quable.md

To use the products from [[= pim_product_name =]] within [[= product_name =]] content, make sure the [data languages](https://docs.quable.com/v5-EN/docs/data-languages) in [[= pim_product_name =]] have corresponding [languages](languages.md) in [[= product_name =]].

To compare the language configuration in both systems, run the following command:

``` bash
php bin/console ibexa:quable:languages:check
```

Based on the command output, configure the `language_map` in `config/packages/ibexa_connector_quable.yaml`, mapping each [[= product_name =]] language code to its [[= pim_product_name =]] locale code as in the following example:

``` yaml
ibexa_connector_quable:
    # ...
    language_map:
        eng-GB: en_GB
        fre-FR: fr_FR
```

> The system uses the language map to resolve attribute values in the correct language when retrieving product data from [[= pim_product_name =]].

Author: ```suggestion
The system uses the language map to retrieve data in the correct language from [[= pim_product_name =]].
```
